General Eliocan: -"Good job in neutralizing all rivals in planet Fosforus.  Now we may begin to colonize this planet.  And finally we have discovered where are all the Nagoran forces launching from. They come from the planet Arkidos in the Ligimat system. Arkidos is their biggest headquarters in this whole region of space. Since we want the Nagorans away from our borders, we will have to take that planet, which is no easy task.  It is far better defended than any other place we have attacked recently. In this mission, we will begin by attackin the moon of Arkidos, as well as other defensive bases, and finally, we will wipe out the planetary defenses themselves.  Due to the size of this mission, we have sent Black Squadron to assist you, under the orders of General Yang Lao. Take this mission seriously, and if I were you, I would only use the heaviest units available, preferably Star Battlecruisers, equipped with nuclear weapons.  To succeed in this mission, we need to attack with excessive power. Attack all enemies with extreme prejudice, Comrade. Should you fail this mission, Comrade, you will be sorry, so don't bother coming back unless you are victorious! Once this mission is over, we will move our forces to the planet's surface for the next stage of our attack.
General Yang Lao: -"Greetings, Comrade! I am General Yang Lao, in command of the black Squadron. Together, we will slowly work into enemy territory. The first obstacle we will come across is the Arkidos Moon itself, in which there are some Nagoran bases, and probably the heaviest resistance is there. Thus, we will wipe out all the forces in that moon first off. Then we can proceed to wipe out the remnants of the Nagoran forces."
General Eliocan: -"One last minute information, Comrade! The Escavonians, an alien race that has made a commercial pact with us the Imperial Union, have sent some flying dishes to help us in our mission. They say the Nagorans have raided some of their worlds as of recent, and thus, like us, want the Nagorans away from here. Time for the glorious victory, Comrades! Get moving!"